Add support for frontmatter overrides (#4486)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: docs/single-sourced-versions.md

```
Hello {% if_version eq:1.0.0 inline:true %}everyone in the {% endif_version %} world
```

> ### Frontmatter

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Front matter
```

> You may want to set values in the frontmatter conditionally. You can do this using `overrides`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may want to set values in the front matter conditionally. You can do this using `overrides`:
```
